How can there be such a dark place?
Ke Dong, don't run around
It turns out that you will laugh so happily too
This is a domestic guard dog.
Although it looks fierce
But in fact, he won't bite people casually
By the way, what does Guoguo want you to give me?
This one has a locator in it.
From my phone
Can you see where the person with the toy is?
This should be given to Guoguo
Take it.
I'm worried about you
Why is it so dark? There's a power outage.
What's your trouble?
I grew up terrified of the dark
You get sick if you spend too much time in the dark.
I almost forgot about you.
childhood
I often punish you for facing the wall in the room with the lights off
thought about
Kiss me and I will take you to a place of light
Is that better?